Review and fix current docs (#293)
nuclia/nucliadb: docs/getting-started/quickstart.md

# Quickstart

> Getting started with NucliaDB is as easy as running a docker. Although

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting started with NucliaDB is as easy as running a docker image. Although
```

NucliaDB is a distributed database, we have a containerized standalone
version where all it's started in one node.

**Note:** we use own concepts like Knowledge Box that you may not
understand. Please, refer to [Basic Concepts](basic-concepts.md) or
ask in the community if anything is unclear.

## NucliaDB: run, index and search!

### Start NucliaDB minimal

Let's start running the latest NucliaDB docker image.

```bash
docker run -it \
       -e LOG=INFO \
       -p 8080:8080 \
       -p 8060:8060 \
       -p 8040:8040 \
       -v nucliadb-standalone:/data \
       nuclia/nucliadb:latest
```

If you want to learn other ways to run NucliaDB, please refer to
[installation tutorial](installation.md).

### Create a Knowledge Box

```bash
curl 'http://localhost:8080/api/v1/kbs' \
    -X POST \
    -H "X-NUCLIADB-ROLES: MANAGER" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    --data-raw '{
  "slug": "mykb",
  "title": "My KB"
}'
```

This call will return you a Knowledge Box UUID nedded for further API
calls.

### Manually uploading some data

> NucliaDB has a simple Python client which provide an easy way to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NucliaDB has a simple Python client which provides an easy way to
```

import and export content. We have some examples
[here](../../nucliadb_client/examples/).

The [simple.py](../../nucliadb_client/examples/simple.py) shows how to

> extract vectors from text and insert all inside a NucliaDB. Using a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extract vectors from text and to insert them all inside a NucliaDB. Using a
```

running NucliaDB, we can test it with:

```bash
cd nucliadb_client/examples
python simple.py \
       --host=localhost \
       --http=8080 \
       --grpc=8060 \
       --train=8040 \
       --kb <YOUR-KB-SLUG>
```

This will upload text and vectors to the specified Knowledge Box. 

### Searching knowledge

#### Text search

Once we have knowledge inside our running NucliaDB you have it, it's
time to search. Uploaded texts can be found
[here](../../nucliadb_client/examples/articles.json) and are parts of
Wikipedia articles.

Let's start with a simple query:

```bash
curl 'http://localhost:8080/api/v1/kb/<YOUR-KB-UUID>/search?query=meaning\
     -X GET \
     -H "X-NUCLIADB-ROLES: READER"
```

> It wil return the resources where the text is found and also the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will return the resources where the text is found and also the
```

> paragraphs in that resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
paragraphs in that resource where the queried word is found.
```

A fuzzy search with 1 Levenshtein distance is performed, so we can
make a typo and keep seeing results:

```bash
curl 'http://localhost:8080/api/v1/kb/<YOUR-KB-UUID>/search?query=fault+t0lerance\
     -X GET \
     -H "X-NUCLIADB-ROLES: READER"
```

#### Semantic search

> Text search it's fine, but nothing so special. He are a semantic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text search is fine, but not rocket science anymore. We are a semantic
```

search engine on unstructured data, so let's demonstrate it.

To perform a semantic search, we need two things: to extract and save
vectors from the stored knowledge and to pass a similar or exact
vector to the search endpoint.

As we have inserted manually (using a Python script) the vectors, we
can search semantically using a POST request and passing an exact or a
similar vector:

```bash
cd nucliadb_client/examples
VECTOR=$(python simple.py --host=localhost --http=8080 --grpc=8060 --train=8040 --kb simple --print-random-vector) \
&& curl 'http://localhost:8080/api/v1/kb/<YOUR-KB-UUID>/search' \
     -X POST \
     -H "X-NUCLIADB-ROLES: READER" \
     --data-raw "{
  \"query\": \"whatever\",
  \"vector\": $(python simple.py --host=localhost --http=8080 --grpc=8060 --train=8040 --kb simple --print-random-vector)
}"
```

## Boundless NucliaDB with Nuclia

> Although it's not hard to insert your text and extracted vectors from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although it's not hard to insert your text and extracted vectors using the
```

### Start NucliaDB

Once you have your NUA key, we will start NucliaDB with it

```bash
docker run -it \
       -e LOG=INFO \
       -e NUA_API_KEY=<YOUR-NUA-API-KEY> \
       -p 8080:8080 \
       -p 8060:8060 \
       -p 8040:8040 \
       -v nucliadb-standalone:/data \
       nuclia/nucliadb:latest
```

### Create a Knowledge Box container

```bash
curl 'http://localhost:8080/api/v1/kbs' \
  -X POST \
  -H "X-NUCLIADB-ROLES: MANAGER" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  --data-raw '{
    "slug": "mykb",
    "title": "My KB"
  }'
```

This call will return you a Knowledge Box UUID nedded for further API calls.

### Upload a file

After starting NucliaDB and creating a Knowledge Box you can upload a file:

```bash
curl http://localhost:8080/api/v1/kb/<your-knowledge-box-id>/upload \
  -X POST \
  -H "X-NUCLIADB-ROLES: WRITER" \
  -H "X-FILENAME: `echo -n "myfile" | base64`"
  -T /path/to/file
```

The file will be sent to process on Nuclia. When it finishes
processing, your local NucliaDB will receive a message with the
extracted information. 

### Search

Once we finish uploading files and getting the processed results, we can do searches on

> our data. Even we can do the same exact searches as before, having now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
our data. Ee can even do the same exact searches as before, but having now
```

Author: Ee?

Reviewer: sorry: "We can even..." is what I meant

Reviewer: also, I think it's more proper: "... as before, but now having..."

> a NUA key, we can use semantic search out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a NUA key gives us access to semantic search out of the box.
```
